<p>The program is designed to fetch the daily adjusted closing stock price of Tesla Inc (TSLA) using the Alpha Vantage API, which is accessed using an API key. The program gets the closing stock price of the day before yesterday and yesterday from the API response and calculates the percentage change using a function called <code>get_change</code>. If the percentage change is 5% or more, the program fetches the top 3 news articles related to Tesla Inc from the News API in the same time period (i.e., from the day before yesterday to yesterday) and sends a text message containing the percentage change, along with each article's title and description, to a phone number using Twilio.</p>
<p>The <code>requests</code> module is used to make HTTP requests to the Alpha Vantage API and fetch the daily stock price of Tesla Inc. The <code>datetime</code> module is used to get the dates of yesterday and the day before yesterday. The <code>NewsApiClient</code> class from the <code>newsapi</code> module is used to fetch news articles related to Tesla Inc, and the <code>SMS</code> class from a module called <code>stocks_data</code> is used to send text messages to a phone number using Twilio.</p>
<p>The code is structured into three main steps:</p>
<ol>
 <li>Fetching the daily stock price of TSLA from the Alpha Vantage API and calculating the percentage change in the stock price from the day before yesterday to yesterday. If the percentage change is 5% or more, proceed to the next step.</li>
 <li>Fetching the top 3 news articles related to Tesla Inc from the News API in the same time period as the stock price change (i.e., from the day before yesterday to yesterday).</li>
 <li>Sending a text message to a phone number using Twilio, containing the percentage change in the stock price and each of the top 3 news article titles and descriptions.</li>
</ol>
<p>The program uses conditional statements to determine if the percentage change in the stock price is 5% or more and to send a text message only if this condition is met. It also uses formatted strings to include the stock price change and the news article details in the text message.</p>
